##Task1
Q1. What is Git and GitHub?

GIT:-

Git is a distributed version control tool that can manage a development project's source code.
Git is an Open Source Distributed Version Control System.
Git also tracks the history of changes to a
project’s source code including what specifically has been changed and who has changed what parts and when 
have they been changed, this feature is termed as Version Control.

GITHUB:-

GitHub is a cloud based platform built around the Git tool.
It allows developers to host their files in a Repository, so that others can collaborate and make suggestions on projects.
A GitHub repository can be used to store a development project.

Q2.Why is GitHub so popular?

Github is an open source platform.  It provides cloud storage for source code, supports all popular programming languages, 
and streamlines the iteration process.
Separate public and private repositories
Easy version control.

Q3. What are the other platforms similar to GitHub?
	GitLab
	BitBucket
	Source Forge
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------	

##Task - 2
Q1 How git workflow works?

Ans 1)The developers clones the central repository.
The edits which are made to the files by using commit command are stored locally and the pushed to the central repository.

Q2 What are the different stages of a git 
the project as commit, add?

Ans 2)There are 3 stages -
    Modified:
      In a repository you can maintain and write a code. When any modification are made then it can only be 
      done on the remote repository, that simply means changes in the code can be done without changing the original code.
   Staged:
      It comes before the actual implementation of changes.The new files are pushed to the staging area and 
      then joined to the remote repository.
   Commit:
      Commit is a set of new files added to the project as a part of modification to the remote repository.

Q3 Is it possible to a git commit before git add. if you have made any changes? Explain why?

Ans 3)It is not possible to do a git commit before git add.

Q4 Why is git diff used?

Ans 4)This command is used to check the difference between the files in the stage and in the workspace.

Q5 Can we leave the commit message as blank?

Ans 5)Yes we can do it by using the below command :
git commit -a --allow-empty-message -m "message"

Regards, 
Ridhima Goyal